XB analytics docs (#105)
humanmade/altis-analytics: user-docs/experience-blocks-analytics/README.md

![Adding an audience](../assets/create-audience-xb.gif)

## Creating audiences

You can create new audiences within the content editing experience or from the Audiences page in the admin. In either case, the process is the same. Within the New Audience screen, you can give your audience a name, and set the variables in the dropdowns to determine how to identify this segment of users, for example browser or geographic region. Once the audience is set, users matching the audience criteria will be delivered their personalized content. Before you can use the audience, switch the audience to Active on the right hand side. Now the audience is ready to be used in your personalized content!

![Personalized content](../assets/personalized-content.gif)

## Add conversion goals to measure engagement

> There are three ways that you can track conversions built into Altis Experience Blocks. These are "Impressions", "Click on any link" and "Submit a form". By default, impressions will be selected, and the statistics that display will be based on that data. Impressions are based on actual views of the XB; if a block appears further down the page, a view isn't recorded until the block is actually scrolled into view.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are three ways that you can track conversions built into Altis Experience Blocks. These are "Impressions", "Click on any link" and "Submit a form". By default, impressions will be selected, and the statistics that display will be based on that data. Impressions are based on actual views of the XB; if a block appears further down the page, a view isn't recorded until the block scrolls into view.
```
